Update ChromeOS installation instructions (#8304)
flutter/website: src/get-started/install/chromeos.md

## System requirements

To install and run Flutter on a Chromebook, your machine

> must have [Linux][] enabled from the Developers tab of Settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must have [Linux][] enabled from the **Developers** tab of Settings.
```

> The amount of disk space required will vary
> depending on which target platforms you enable.
> However, we recommend that you increase the disk size for the Linux environment
> from the default of 10GB to 32GB or larger,
> to accommodate Android Studio and other tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of disk space required varies
depending on which target platforms you enable.
We recommend that you increase the disk size for the
Linux environment from the default of 10GB to 32GB or larger,
to accommodate Android Studio and other tooling.
```
